I heard that Su Ikeneno's brother, Hankveryan Shinyrai,
THIS IS THE facts of quantifying the body,
but…
when he saw the roads
in the Hori Sawai wrapped in present-day
about 200 years ago,
Then come to our quay
We shall go
After which, you all shall follow
Yes, yes, I shall
All the children who are in this house are saying that they are not good at it.
But if you hit your head against the wall, you will not be able to get it back.
Yes, yes.
Please return it.
If you wish, I will give it to you.
Yes, my daughters.
You are the one who said it.
You are the one who knew it.
You can take it as you like.
If you make it, you will be able to wait.
You will be waiting for a while.
I will give it to you.
Please return it.
If you make it, you will be able to wait.
I am the one who knows the face of the guard.
If you forget your duty today, you will be able to wait.
Thank you for watching.